this week on my classic car will travel
to Alexander City Alabama for a look at
Tim well borns collection of Mopar
muscle this is a jaw-dropping display of
some of the most spectacular mopars ever
built
this is Dennis gage thanks for tuning
into my classic car home of the
certified car nut well this week we're
in Alexander city Alabama at the home of
Tim and Pam well born to view one of the
most amazing Mopar collections on earth
now it's one thing to have stunningly
beautiful cars but with this collection
the environment they're displayed in is
equally as important check this out
hey good to see you again man see you in
a few years man I gotta say nice place
you got here
yeah I mean really I mean you have
beautiful cars everything but I've never
seen them displayed in such a beautiful
surrounding what a building well it did
you can have beautiful cars and you can
put them in a plain building and it just
something happens but if you put them in
a nice building everything just looks a
lot prettier and it does look pretty
we've we spent a little time down here
in my erratum laughs why I think I could
do that too yeah well you know we're
standing amid 371 Hemi Chargers that
alone is amazing but it doesn't stop at
three you've got a bunch of 70 or 71 I
am I have 23 of them okay man all 71 all
71 Chargers and we have a collection of
about 40 cars Hemi and a lot of other
things too but of the 71 charger 23 of
them it all started with my father 1971
he went out and checked off a brand new
charger r/t butterscotch in color
yeah ordered it and I was a kid and you
know at that time you you just it just
was the greatest car ever you know
because I couldn't drive it but I could
sure wash it and detail it and fit in it
and listen to WL s literally Jackie I
remember well it just it just started a
love for the cars that I never got out
of and as I got older and could afford a
car then I bought a charger and went on
from there but my dad never let me have
the charges he knew better let's talk
about some of these Charger r/t so this
one over here was what caught my eye as
soon as I came in I mean it's it's
screamin orange color but I think it's
that white top in the sunroof I never
saw that before that particular car is
one of the most loaded Chargers it's
probably the creme de la creme of
chargers it has everything that could be
checked on the option box and there's
gotta be a long window store already has
to win those tickets this is a full page
of that page and the car cost actually
about sixty four hundred dollars this
was a lottery in 71 but it has
everything power windows had like time
delay six waist the rim below painted
bumper package the let's really go along
with the biggest thing is is that
sunroof there was only 30 Chargers and
that's not counting our TV there was
only one r/t with a Hemi in it built in
1971 and that's it and that's right Wow
well now it looks like the sister cars
right over here I mean you have a match
set almost yeah there's a not too long
ago a little gentleman coming up in
Dallas Texas said he had one of these
and I didn't know whether believe it or
not but he sent out some pictures he
really did right out there on the next
flight and yes it's a sister car it's a
four-speed which makes this one unique
in its way yeah yeah even though the
color combination is same you had a
black top and a four-speed and four
speeds a fun car to drive
Oh pistol grip you know yes Mopar like
the muscle girls a grip but but if you
look at this car here it's just it's
just a 9,000 mile survivor it's just
never been I mean if you like it too
little Department of Safety one sticker
in this 1971 it's never faded this car
just has not sitting the Sun like how do
you do that how you take a car like this
that just screams to be driven and and
you know have the restraint to not drive
well actually I do get it out and
driving good for you
Erik or I have I'll actually drive they
all have insurance on them I'll have
tags on them and I respect that and
they're just more fun to drive nothing
will get a smile on my face quicker then
one of these things when you open up
both four-barrel dollars and the people
that see it I mean you talk about
putting smiles on other people's faces
these cars do it yeah now this paint
always this orange just really really
pops it's one of the more unique colors
it's it's actually an orange color solid
color but then they put them it's it's
mixed with gold metal flake and it's
called Hemi orange and that's what makes
the color just pop in the sunlight is
that gold fine metal flake you know
isn't it I didn't know it it must be
really a really tiny way it's a fine it
makes it look fine but just put a change
of pace and maybe a change of color this
is a wild machine yeah there you go with
another one of the crazy colors from
from Chrysler back then they really had
them they had this is a green go is what
it's called and and also it's called
sassy grass and flemeth uh-huh again
just a loud color that then basically
what they took was some of the it
appears that he took one of the louder
colors from 1970 put black in the paint
and it's it's toned it down gave it a
rich look and well in 70 it was a it was
a sublime and limelight but in at first
I thought that's what this is but you're
right it's a darker tint and with then
with the black trim oh it brings it out
yes
it does not and this is another one of
my favorites here this is a thirty
thousand mile survivor and it's just
it's the survivor cars are so fun you
get at them
you can't restore a car like a survivor
it's like that type factory feel I can
never it can only the original ones
that's right that's right
this happens to be one of them so we're
amongst three of my favorites but there
are times when I get any others they're
my favorites the last one you got right
well yeah now I know you're a seventy
one guy did you have some other things
in here that are pretty interesting you
got it a 69 charger daytona oh that was
a mayonnaise I'll go check that baby out
too all right all right let's do it
coming out more of Tim well borns
awesome collection of both bars but
first we'll come back to my classic car
and Tim's well boards wonderful world of
mopars well there it is the 69 charger
daytona the most radical production car
ever built there's absolutely no doubt
this thing here when it came out of the
factory everybody knew it it arrived and
it was built for one thing Racing racing
and race it did these things were the
winningest car owner in NASCAR they were
they did it too well they got out loud
after one here but very first car to go
through the 200 mile an hour barrier
that that's another statement that he'll
always make the color I'd never seen
this color on it and I love the interior
combo with it yeah it's just very unique
it's called t5 copper and it's that wood
that interior and the white wing it
really does give a tasteful look to the
Daytona I'll say no this also has a bit
of a pedigree okay this one does this
one came out of the oldest Chandler
collection who one of his favorite cars
from what I understand it's a 6,000 mile
car that he actually sent to a friend of
mine Roger Gibson out in Missouri and
Roger restored that basically a brand
new car so that's that was almost twenty
years ago we used to this is a 20 year
old restoration 20 year old roger gifts
and restoration looks like it came out
last month it's just the way he does
work and that's why
Chandler chose to go to him this is very
special I mean this is kind of the holy
grail of Daytona's isn't and you're
looking at it yeah
here when it comes to the the Charger
Daytona all of them that exist pretty
much everybody will agree this is the
car with the best pedigree well no I
mean we end of a car it needs to be this
right here well open her up let's see
what's under here but um